feat: add uv migration guide (#292)
canonical/paas-charm: docs/how-to/index.rst

Reviewer: To make the spell checker happy: You'll need to add "uv" to the custom wordlist

     databases, ingress, and observability.
   * :ref:`Usage <charmcraft:use-12-factor-charms>`:
     Learn more about tasks such as migrations and troubleshooting.
   * :ref:`uv migration <uv_migration>`:

>      A quick guide to use uv plugin in your charm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * :ref:`Migrate to the uv plugin <uv_migration>`:
     Learn how to use uv plugin in your V1 12-factor charm.
```

   Get support <get-support>
   Custom COS dashboards and alert rules <custom-cos-assets>
   Add a new framework <add-new-framework>

>    uv migration <uv-migration>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Migrate to the uv plugin <uv-migration>
```
No strong feelings about this particular suggestion, I would just like this entry to be action-focused, i.e., what will the user do based on the information in this guide?
